RECUERDA PAUSAR EL VIDEO PARA RESPONDER LAS PREGUNTAS
Ok, me alegra que hayas llegado hasta
aquí y espero que en este test nos vaya
muy bien.
So, aquí yo te voy a hacer las preguntas
y tú vas a responder.
Nuevo subtítulo
Ok?
Yo voy a hacer las preguntas y tú vas a responder.
¿Listo?
Después de eso, tú me vas a también
devolver la pregunta y yo te la voy a responder.
Pretty good.
Hey, how are you?
RESPONDE: I'm good, thanks
PREGUNTA: how are you?
Oh, nice, I'm good, thanks.
And tell me, what's your name?
RESPONDE: I'm ___, and you?
Pretty cool, I'm Sarah.
Where are you from?
RESPONDE: I'm from _____
PREGUNTA:  Where are you from?
Alright, I'm from Peru.
How old are you?
RESPONDE: I'm _____
PREGUNTA: How old are you?
Oh, pretty cool, I'm 35.
Where do you live?
RESPONDE: I live in _______
PREGUNTA:  Where do you live?
Nice, I live in Texas.
What do you do?
TÚ RESPONDES: I'm a _____
TÚ PREGUNTA:S  What do you do?
Well, I'm a doctor.
Now, where do you work?
TÚ RESPONDES: I work at a ______.
TÚ PREGUNTA:S  I work at a ______.
Well, I work at a hospital.
And tell me, what's your favorite color?
TÚ RESPONDES: My favorite color is ______.
TÚ PREGUNTA:S And what's your favorite color?
Cool, mine is red.
What's your favorite hobby?
TÚ RESPONDES: My favorite hobby is ______.
TÚ PREGUNTA:S What's your favorite hobby?
Cool, mine is reading books.
What's your favorite food?
TÚ RESPONDES: My favorite food is ______.
TÚ PREGUNTAS: And what's your favorite food?
Great, mine is Mexican food.
And what's your favorite movie?
TÚ RESPONDES: Mine is ______.
TÚ PREGUNTAS: And what's your favorite movie?
Well, I don't have a favorite movie.
And what's your favorite book?
TÚ RESPONDES: It's ______.
TÚ PREGUNTAS: And what's your favorite book?
I don't have a favorite book.
Tell me, what time is it?
TÚ RESPONDES: It's ______.
TÚ PREGUNTAS: What time is it?
Yeah, here it's 9 .30am.
I need your help.
Can you please help me?
TÚ RESPONDES: Yes, Sure I can
Thank you so much.
TÚ PREGUNTAS: Can you please help me?
Sure, I can help you.
TÚ RESPONDES: Thank you
What do you think about money?
TÚ RESPONDES: I think it's important.
TÚ PREGUNTAS: What do you think about money?
Well, I think that money is really
important for living a good life.
Tell me, what will you do tomorrow?
TÚ RESPONDES: I'll study English and work
TÚ PREGUNTAS: What will you do tomorrow?
Well, me, I'll work.
And do you have any plans for the weekend?
TÚ RESPONDES: I'm gonna travel
TÚ PREGUNTAS: do you have any plans for the weekend?
Interesting, well, I'm going to travel to Mexico.
Do you like to play?
TÚ RESPONDES: I like to play
TÚ PREGUNTAS: Do you like to play?
Great, I love to play too, and I play basketball.
Do you love to eat?
TÚ RESPONDES: I love to eat
TÚ PREGUNTAS: Do you love to eat?
Cool, I love to eat.
And do you like to sleep?
TÚ RESPONDES: I like it
TÚ PREGUNTAS: Do you like to sleep?
Yeah, I like to sleep a lot.
And what do you do in your free time?
TÚ RESPONDES: I learn English and talk to friends
TÚ PREGUNTAS: what do you do in your free time?
Pretty interesting, well, in my free
time, I read books, I listen to music,
and I talk to friends.
What's your phone number?
TÚ RESPONDES: It's 321456
TÚ PREGUNTAS: And what's your phone number?
My phone number is 12345768
Tell me, what's your email address?
TÚ RESPONDES: It's eliam@chocoenglish.com
TÚ PREGUNTAS: And what's your email adress?
My email address is Sarah at chocoenglish .com.
And tell me, how was your day?
TÚ RESPONDES: It was great
TÚ PREGUNTAS: And your day?
Cool, my day was good too.
And how was your weekend?
TÚ RESPONDES: It was cool
TÚ PREGUNTAS: how was your weekend?
Mine was really bad, I couldn't do much.
And who is your best friend?
TÚ RESPONDES: My best friend is Lauren, my wife
TÚ PREGUNTAS: And who is your best friend?
Alright, my best friend is my cousin Marta.
Do you have siblings
TÚ RESPONDES: Yes
TÚ PREGUNTAS: Do you have siblings?
Great, I have five siblings, two brothers
and three sisters.
And tell me, do you have children?
TÚ RESPONDES: Yes
TÚ PREGUNTAS: Do you have children?
Cool, I have two kids, a boy and a girl.
And do you have friends?
TÚ RESPONDES: Yes, I have a lot of friends
TÚ PREGUNTAS: And do you have friends?
Yep, I got friends too, a lot, a lot of friends.
How many siblings do you have?
TÚ RESPONDES: 3, 2 brothers and 1 sister
How many children do you have?
TÚ RESPONDES: 2 girls
How many friends do you have?
TÚ RESPONDES: I've got a lot of friends
Are you married?
TÚ RESPONDES: Yes, I'm married
Alright, are you single?
TÚ RESPONDES: No, I'm not single
Are you engaged?
TÚ RESPONDES:  No, I'm not engaged
Oh, pretty interesting.
Please, I would like to know a little bit about you.
AHORA DI LO QUE MÁS PUEDAS ACERCA DE TI
Oh, that's a pretty cool description, it sounds awesome.
And when is your birthday?
TÚ RESPONDES: It's on March 3rd
TÚ PREGUNTAS: when is your birthday?
Alright, pretty good, my birthday is on May 1st.